TODO.md, before:

# Stuff to do

## TO FIX:

### Misc: Update formatting, add verbosity, clean up code & css files
   - Add header comment to each file, and more usage & details on what the functions do

### DONE -- First: fix github-pages deployment crashing
### DONE -- Quick Summary
### DONE -- Trade Tool
### DONE -- Main Page layout

# TO ADD (No particular order):
### DONE -- Ore Icons

### Custom Value Setting
 - e.g., you value an ore at 50 AV while the standard rate is 30AV.
 - Have the user search for an ore, then enter a value in "Ore Per AV" OR "AV Per Ore"
    - Use a similar interface to the Trade Tool search box and table
 - Those two options could be in a dropdown/checkmark selection
 - Once "Ore Per AV" is entered, simply modify the baseValue of the ore
 to match it. e.g., 15.5 Ore Per AV would result in a baseValue of 15.5.
 - Likewise, if "AV Per Ore" is entered, take that number (let's say "50")
 and modify it to become 0.02 baseValue (divide 1 by the number - 0.2 = 1/50)
 - These custom values will then need to be updated in the dictionaries
 - Probably should provide an option to "revert back to standard values"
    - This would discard all the user's changes and revert to John/NAN standard vals

### Rare Finds Tracker - Self explanatory, follow layout of JTT
 - Calculate total AV/NV of rare finds, and AV/NV per ore found
 - Manually entered by the user
 - This MUST be persistently stored - create another Context file to store the data

### Grind Strats - List some of mine and others' favorite grind strats for various ores
 - Format prettily, include drop-down sections for the strategies, categories to open,
pictures, the ore textures, descriptions of the ores, possible lore, etc.
 - Credit the inventor/contributor of the strat
 - e.g., Protireal grind method information, tips and tricks, and so on

### Trade Section - button to "remove selected ores from inventory"
 - Confirmation popup to make sure the user is certain
 - Takes all quantities in the table, matches the name to the CSV data,
  and subtracts the quantities from their inventory, updating it immediately

### Graphs?
 - AV/hr of layers, Trade data over time, ores gained/NVs gained over time, etc
And more coming soon... :]

Commit message:

Beta 1.1 - Trade/Receive interface completed! Discount/Search boxes for both parts. Clear tables button now clears both tables, and "Process Trade" button adds the "To Receive" ores to the user's inventory, while also subtracting the "To Trade" ores from the user's inventory.

TODO.md, after:

# Stuff to do

## TO FIX:

### Misc: Update formatting, add verbosity, clean up code & css files
   - Add header comment to each file, and more usage & details on what the functions do

### DONE -- First: fix github-pages deployment crashing
### DONE -- Quick Summary
### DONE -- Trade Tool
### DONE -- Main Page layout

# TO ADD (No particular order):
### DONE -- Ore Icons
### DONE -- Trade Tool -> Button to "Remove Ores from Inventory"

### Custom Value Setting
 - e.g., you value an ore at 50 AV while the standard rate is 30AV.
 - Have the user search for an ore, then enter a value in "Ore Per AV" OR "AV Per Ore"
    - Use a similar interface to the Trade Tool search box and table
 - Those two options could be in a dropdown/checkmark selection
 - Once "Ore Per AV" is entered, simply modify the baseValue of the ore
 to match it. e.g., 15.5 Ore Per AV would result in a baseValue of 15.5.
 - Likewise, if "AV Per Ore" is entered, take that number (let's say "50")
 and modify it to become 0.02 baseValue (divide 1 by the number - 0.2 = 1/50)
 - These custom values will then need to be updated in the dictionaries
 - Probably should provide an option to "revert back to standard values"
    - This would discard all the user's changes and revert to John/NAN standard vals

### Rare Finds Tracker - Self explanatory, follow layout of JTT
 - Calculate total AV/NV of rare finds, and AV/NV per ore found
 - Manually entered by the user
 - This MUST be persistently stored - create another Context file to store the data

### Grind Strats - List some of mine and others' favorite grind strats for various ores
 - Format prettily, include drop-down sections for the strategies, categories to open,
pictures, the ore textures, descriptions of the ores, possible lore, etc.
 - Credit the inventor/contributor of the strat
 - e.g., Protireal grind method information, tips and tricks, and so on

### Trade Section - button to "remove selected ores from inventory"
 - Confirmation popup to make sure the user is certain
 - Takes all quantities in the table, matches the name to the CSV data,
  and subtracts the quantities from their inventory, updating it immediately

### Graphs?
 - AV/hr of layers, Trade data over time, ores gained/NVs gained over time, etc
And more coming soon... :]
